Stored string ::Hello, this is operator overloading test!!
The Supreme Court on Monday let stand a ruling by Pennsylvania's highest court 
that allowed election officials to count some mailed ballots received up to three days after Election Day. The state is a key battleground in the presidential election. The Supreme Court’s action was the result of a deadlock. It takes five votes to grant a stay, and the Republicans who had asked the court to intervene could muster only four: Justices Clarence Thomas, Samuel A. Alito Jr., Neil M
. Gorsuch and Brett M. Kavanaugh. Here’s the truth about absentee ballots. “Extending the date by which ballots may be cast by voters — not just received by the municipal clerks but cast by voters — for an additional six days after the scheduled Election Day fundamentally alters the nature of the election,” the unsigned opinion in the Wisconsin case said. Sign up to receive our On Politics newsletter, a daily guide to the political news cycle. Rulings from state courts present more difficult questions, as the Supreme Court generally defers to them in cases concerning interpretations of state law and the Constitution empowers state legislatures to set the times, places and manner of congressional elections. In a second brief, the Republican Party of Pennsylvania argued that “the Constitution reserves a special role for state legislatures in federal elections,” one that cannot be overridden by state courts. The brief relied heavily on the Supreme Court’s decision in the cases culminating in Bush v. Gore, the 2000 ruling that handed the presidency to George W. Bush. “By extending the deadline by judicial fiat and establishing a presumption of timeliness that will allow voters to cast or mail ballots after Election Day,” the brief said, “the Pennsylvania Supreme Court has impermissibly altered both the ‘time’ and ‘manner’ established by the General Assembly” for conducting elections. In response, Josh Shapiro, Pennsylvania’s attorney general, a Democrat, said a provision of the State Constitution protecting “free and equal elections” allowed the Pennsylvania Supreme Court to extend the deadline. He added that the state court’s decision was “consistent with how Pennsylvania law handles military and overseas ballots timely cast but not received until after Election Day.” Later Monday, in Tennessee, a federal appeals court exempted first-time voters from having to appear in person at the polls on Nov. 3 if they registered online or by mail, as required by a state law, which critics said would endanger residents during the pandemic.